1.) Class - MainMenu
main()	Calling of methods from another class according to the user or exit the store takes place in this method.
2.) Class - Academic()
Academic()	It’s purpose is to ask, store and pass on the value entered by the user about their std. to Processing() method or return back to main() method in MainMenu() class.
Processing()	It accepts the value of std. from Academic() method and accordingly passes on the price of book set linked with std. to Academic() method in Billing() class for billing processes.
3.) Class - AutoB
AutoB()	It’s purpose is to call the non-static methods of the AutoB() class
First()	It displays the details of the first book in the Autobiographies and biographies section.
Second()	It displays the details of the second book in the Autobiographies and biographies section.
Third()	It displays the details of the third book in the Autobiographies and biographies section.
Fourth()	It displays the details of the fourth book in the Autobiographies and biographies section.
Fifth()	It displays the details of the fifth book in the Autobiographies and biographies section.
Input()	It calculates and passes on the price of the book according to the quantity entered by the user to AutoB() method in Billing() class for billing processes.
4.) Class - S_F
First()	It displays the details of the first book in the Science-fiction section.
Second()	It displays the details of the second book in the Science-fiction  section.hird()	It displays the details of the third book in the Science-fiction section.
Fourth()	It displays the details of the fourth book in the Science-fiction section.
Fifth()	It displays the details of the fifth book in the Science-fiction section.
Input()	It calculates and passes on the price of the book according to the quantity entered by the user to S_F() method in Billing() class for billing processes.
5.) Class - Horror
First()	It displays the details of the first book in the Horror section.
Second()	It displays the details of the second book in the Horror section.
Third()	It displays the details of the third book in the Horror section.
Fourth()	It displays the details of the fourth book in the Horror section.
Fifth()	It displays the details of the fifth book in the Horror section.
Input()	It calculates and passes on the price of the book according to the quantity entered by the user to Horror() method in Billing() class for billing processes.
6.) Class - Spiritual
First()	It displays the details of the first book in the Spiritual section.
Second()	It displays the details of the second book in Spiritual section.
Third()	It displays the details of the third book in the Spiritual section.
Fourth()	It displays the details of the fourth book in the Spiritual section.
Fifth()	It displays the details of the fifth book in the Spiritual section.
Input()	It calculates and passes on the price of the book according to the quantity entered by the user to Spiritual () method in Billing() class for billing processes.
7.) Class - A_A	
First()	It displays the details of the first book in the Action and Adventure section.
Second()	It displays the details of the second book in the Action and Adventure section.
Third()	It displays the details of the third book in Action and Adventure section.
It displays the details of the fourth book in the Action and Adventure section.
Fifth()	It displays the details of the fifth book in the Action and Adventure section.
Input()	It calculates and passes on the price of the book according to the quantity entered by the user to A_A() method in Billing() class for billing processes.
8.) Class - Billing
Academic()	It accepts the price value from Processing() method in Academic() class and calculates ad displays the bill of the user or let’s the user exit the store.
AutoB()	It accepts the price value from Input() method in AutoB() class and calculates ad displays the bill of the user or let’s the user exit the store.
S_F()	It accepts the price value from Input() method in S_F() class and calculates ad displays the bill of the user or let’s the user exit the store.
Horror()	It accepts the price value from Input() method in Horror() class and calculates ad displays the bill of the user or let’s the user exit the store.
Spiritual()	It accepts the price value from Input() method in Spiritual() class and calculates ad displays the bill of the user or let’s the user exit the store.
A_A()	It accepts the price value from Input() method in A_A() class and calculates ad displays the bill of the user or let’s the user exit the store.


